AZ-204 
=========

1. Which object type is created automatically when an application is registered in Azure AD ?
=> service principal

2. You are developing a RESTful Azure function app API that uses Microsoft identity platform. You implement an API method to read a user's calendar.
You need to ensure API can request permission to access a user's calendar. What should you use ?
=> the scope OAuth 2.0 authorization request parameter

3. You develop and deploy an AZ app service web app. The web app accesses AZ SQL DB data that is secured with an AZ AD conditional access policy.
The applied policy controls access based on the network location of the user.
You need to update the web app code to respond to conditional access challenges. What should you use ?
=> the claims Azure AD response parameter

4. You are developing an app for company. Devices that access the app must be enrolled in Microsoft Intune. The app must not require
additional code for conditional access. Which app type should you use ?
=> Single page app using MSAL.js

5. You are developing an AZ app service web app that uses MSAL.js and you register the web app with Microsoft identity platform by using Azure portal.
You need to configure web app to receive security tokens. The Web app must process custom claims in the security tokens issued by AZ AD.
Which value should you configure ?
=> Application (Client) ID

6. You are developing an AZ app service web app that uses MSAL for .NET (MSAL.NET). You register web app with Microsoft identity platform by using Azure portal.
You need to define the app password that will be used to prove the identity of application when requesting tokens from Azure AD.
Which method should you use during initialization of the app ?
=> WithClientSecret

7. You are developing a public client application to query Microsoft Graph API by using Microsoft Graph .NET SDK.
You need to create an instance of a Microsoft Graph Client.
Which Microsoft identity platform application registration value should you use ?
=> Application (Client) ID

8. You are developing an app by using the Microsoft Graph API. The app must send an email as the signed-in user.
Which REST API call should you use ?
=> POST https://graph.microsoft.com/v1.0/me/sendMail

9. You are developing an AKS microservice application that uses certificates and API keys stored in Azure Key Vault.
Application development includes 4 envs- Development, Test, Staging, Production
You need to configure key vaults. How many key vaults should you use ?
=> 4

10. You are developing an application that uses feature flags. You must externalize the feature flags used by the application and 
allow feature flag states to be updated without changing OR redeploying application. 
You need to store the feature flags in a central repository hosted in Azure. Which service should you use ?
=> Azure App Configuration

11. You are developing an application. The application stores all application settings in Azure App Configuration service. You plan to deploy application
in Azure VNet. You need to ensure that network traffic between the application and the App Configuration store uses the VNet and remains on Microsoft backbone network.
Which solution should you use ?
=> Private endpoint

12. You are developing an application that includes feature management. You need to implement a feature flag.
Which two components should you configure ?
=> Name, List of filters

13. You are developing an application. The application stores all application settings in Azure App Configuration service. 
Application development includes 4 envs- Development, Test, Staging, Production
You need to version the configuration data and use the same configuration values across all environments.
Which key-values pairs attribute should you use ?
=> Labels

14. You develop and deploy several microservices to AKS cluster. The microservices are instrumented with the Application Insights SDK.
You configure an Application Insights instance and use the connection string in the instrumentation.
The instrumentation includes a custom telemetry value used to track the order checkout action. Order checkout is an action that includes a property to capture order number.
You need to capture the custom order telemetry. Which Application Insights data type should you use ?
=> Trace

15. You are developing an app. You need to monitor app's performance by correlating trace events with requests in the app.
Which feature should you use ?
=> Trace logs

16. You develop and deploy a JAVA web app to Azure Spring Cloud that includes latest Application Insights SDK. 
You create an Application Insights instance and enable auto-instrumentation. The web app generates a large volume of telemetry and Application Insights is throttling the telemetry.
You need to reduce telemetry traffic while preserving a statistically correct analysis of the web app data. 
What should you configure ?
=> Sampling

17. You develop and deploy an AZ app service web app by using the latest Application Insights SDK. 
You are developing a dashboard and near real time alerting for web app. You need to query operational data to support the dashboard and alerts.
Which data should you use ?
=> log-based metrics

18. You develop and deploy an Azure Function app to process a custom Azure Event Grid topic.
You need to enable subscribers to filter and route events for the custom topic.
Which event schema property should you use ?
=> eventType

19. You are using Azure Event Grid to process events from Azure Blob Storage. You plan to implement CloudEvents to process the events from Azure Blob Storage.
You need to identity the events header value that is different between the CloudEvents schema and Event Grid schema.
Which header value used by two schemas is different ?
=> content-type

20. You develop and deploy an Azure Function app to process a custom Azure Event Grid topic.
Several events are not being delivered within the time-to-live period of retry policy. You need to capture undelivered events for later resolution.
What should you configure before creating event subscription ?
=> Azure storage account and a queue

21. You are developing an Azure Event Hubs client to process a custom Azure Event Grid topic.
You need to configure the permission needed to send events to the Event Grid.
Which permission should you configure on the Event Grid ?
=> Microsoft.EventGrid/EventSubscriptions/Write

22. You configure 4 partitions in the Event Hub. You provision 2 function apps that will process the events from the Event Hub.
You need to ensure offset integrity for each consumer and minimum dependencies.
How many consumer groups should you use ?
=> 1

23. Which two event data values should you use to commit the position of the last successfully processed event within the partition?
=> offset and sequence number

24. You need to use Azure RBAC to grant permissions to a security principal at the narrowest possible scope.
Which scope access level should you use ?
=> Consumer group

25. You need to use an API class that will publish events in batches.
Which API class should you use ?
=> EventHubProducerClient


