=>Azure Files is Microsoft's easy-to-use cloud file system. Azure file shares can be seamlessly used in Windows and Windows Server.

=>Availability Zones is a high-availability offering that protects your applications and data from datacenter failures. 
Availability Zones are unique physical locations within an Azure region. 
Each zone is made up of one or more datacenters equipped with independent power, cooling, and networking.

=>Tags for Resources are not inherited by default from their Resource Group.
A resource group can be used to scope access control for administrative actions. 
By default, permissions set at the resource level are inherited by the resources in the resource group

=>Azure storage offers different access tiers: hot, cool and archive.
The archive access tier has the lowest storage cost. But it has higher data retrieval costs compared to the hot and cool tiers. 
Data in the archive tier can take several hours to retrieve.
While a blob is in archive storage, the blob data is offline and can't be read, overwritten, or modified. 
To read or download a blob in archive, you must first rehydrate it to an online tier.

=>Azure Event Hubs is a big data streaming platform and event ingestion service. 
It can receive and process millions of events per second. 
Data sent to an event hub can be transformed and stored by using any real-time analytics provider or batching/storage adapters.
Azure Event Hubs can be used to ingest, buffer, store, and process your stream in real time to get actionable insights. 
Event Hubs uses a partitioned consumer model, enabling multiple applications to process the stream concurrently and letting you control the speed of processing.
Azure Event Hubs can be used to capture your data in near-real time in an Azure Blob storage or Azure Data Lake Storageג€‰for long-term retention or micro-batch processing.

=>There are different replication options available with a storage account.
The ג€˜minimumג€™ replication option is Locally Redundant Storage (LRS). With LRS, data is replicated synchronously three times within the primary region.

=>Data is not backed up automatically to another Azure Data Center although it can be depending on the replication option configured for the account. 
Locally Redundant Storage (LRS) is the default which maintains three copies of the data in the data center.
Geo-redundant storage (GRS) has cross-regional replication to protect against regional outages. 
Data is replicated synchronously three times in the primary region, then replicated asynchronously to the secondary region.

=>The current storage limit is 2 PB for US and Europe, and 500 TB for all other regions (including the UK) with no limit on the number of files.

=>Free services:
Virtual network
Private IP address
Azure migrate
Inbound internet traffic
5GB of outbound internet traffic
Azure policy
Azure AD
Azure App service


